minor type in readme (#292)
codingjoe/django-stdimage: README.md

# Django Standardized Image Field

## Why would I want this?

> This is a drop-in replacement for the [Django ImageField](https://docs.djangoproject.com/en/1.8/ref/models/fields/#django.db.models.ImageField) that provides a standardized way to handle image uploads.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This is a drop-in replacement for the Django's [ImageField](https://docs.djangoproject.com/en/1.8/ref/models/fields/#django.db.models.ImageField) that provides a standardized way to handle image uploads.
```

Author: 'for the Django's'... shouldn't have 'the' I believe..

Reviewer: Oh yes, certainly. Good spot.

It is designed to be as easy to use as possible, and to provide a consistent interface for all image fields.
It allows images to be presented in various size variants (eg:thumbnails, mid, and hi-res versions) 
and it provides a way to handle images that are too large with validators.

## Features

Django Standardized Image Field implements the following features:

* [Django-Storages](https://django-storages.readthedocs.io/en/latest/) compatible (eg: S3, Azure, Google Cloud Storage, etc)
* Resizes images to different sizes
* Access thumbnails on model level, no template tags required
* Preserves original images
* Can be rendered asynchronously (ie as a [Celery job](https://realpython.com/asynchronous-tasks-with-django-and-celery/))
* Restricts acceptable image dimensions

> * Renames file to a standardized name format (using a callable `upload_to` function, see below)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Renames a file to a standardized name format (using a callable `upload_to` function, see below)
```

## Installation

> Simply install the latest stable package using the following command

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Simply install the latest stable package using the following command:
```

## Usage

Now it's instally you can use either: `StdImageField` or `JPEGField`.

`StdImageField` works just like Django's own
[ImageField](https://docs.djangoproject.com/en/dev/ref/models/fields/#imagefield)
except that you can specify different size variations.

> The `JPEGField` is the same as the `StdImageField` but all images are

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `JPEGField` is identical to the `StdImageField` but all images are
```

```
The `replace` option will replace all existing files.
The `ignore-missing` option will suspend missing source file errors and keep

> rendering variations for other files. Otherwise command will stop on first

Reviewer: ```suggestion
rendering variations for other files. Otherwise, the command will stop on first
```

Author: Yep - that's better - words is hard. lol
